welcome back to movie reviews
today i will show you an action thriller
horror film from 2008 titles saw
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
the film starts with seth in the
pendulum trap it is revealed seth is a
murderer who was released early from
prison due to a technicality
seth is told by jigsaw's puppet that if
he wants to live he has to destroy the
things he has used to kill his hands the
trap is later revealed to be unwinnable
but seth is made to believe that the aim
of the trap is for him to push buttons
inside of two devices which would crush
both of his hands before a bladed
pendulum intended to slice him in half
descends upon him
seth had in fact crushed his hands but
as the trap is unwinnable the pendulum
does not stop
from the side of the room somebody
watches seth getting sliced in half
through a peephole meanwhile agent strom
shoots jeff and enters the room where
jigsaw died
after investigating and finding jigsaw's
corpse the door is locked on straw by
mark hoffman strong finds a hidden door
in the room and kicks it open
the outlines of the door had been
painted with glow in the dark paint only
visible in the dark
the door leads down a new hallway
strom finds a tape recorder and plays it
jigsaw's voice addresses him on the
recording and warns him not to proceed
but to stay where he is stating that he
can find salvation or let his insatiable
hunger to uncover the truth drive him
deeper in the abyss jigsaw urges him to
make the right choice
strong disregards the warning and leaves
the room walking down the hallway he is
soon attacked by a figure in a pig mask
presumably hoffman he wakes to find
himself in one of jigsaw's traps his
head is in a sealed box which quickly
starts to fill with water
before he runs out of air he performs a
tracheotomy with the tube of a ballpoint
pen in order to breathe
the police make it to the gideon
warehouse and hoffman emerges carrying
corbett claiming that he saved her strom
is carried out on a stretcher still
alive but badly injured the next day the
police hold a service for all the people
who have died chasing jigsaw the chief
of police announces that the jigsaw
murders are over and promotes hoffman
john kramer's ex-wife jill is given a
videotape and box from john's lawyer the
contents of the box says john are of
grave importance to her after looking in
the box jill leaves without telling
jon's lawyer what's inside
strom is shown morning next to an empty
hospital bed because agent perez died
during the night agent erickson strom's
boss visits strom telling him he has
taken him off the jigsaw case
strom is dismayed and angered
later hoffman heads back to his office
and finds a note for him saying i know
who you are
hoffman gets worried that his secret is
threatened and that he may be in danger
later hoffman heads off to a lair where
several monitors are placed on a table
depicting five unconscious people on the
first monitor
meanwhile the five people wake up in a
sewer and a neck tie trap
they are told by jigsaw's puppet that
five will become one with the common
goal of survival he states that while
their lifelong instincts will tell you
to react one way i implore you to do the
opposite
the first part of their test involves
pulling against a cable to get a key at
the end of the room to release
themselves
the consequence for not completing the
trap is to be beheaded they realize they
need to work quickly as nail bombs are
set to go off in the room once the timer
counts down
malik gets anxious and runs ahead
starting the timer in the end everyone
except for ashley gets their keys
ashley is eventually beheaded by the
blade once the cable is pulled tight the
group walks through a door to the next
room
strom contemplating what his deceased
partner said heads over to fbi
headquarters to find files on hoffman he
finds a file saying that hoffman's
sister was murdered and her killer seth
was killed in his trap which was
revealed to have taken place before the
events of the first film strom comes to
the conclusion that hoffman killed seth
but staged it as a jigsaw trap
hoffman designed and orchestrated the
trap himself using a voice modulator to
disguise his voice's jigsaws and
designed his own puppet to deliver
seth's message a flashback depicting
hoffman looking at the pendulum trap
ensues as he was the person watching at
the start of the film
sometime after seth's death hoffman is
kidnapped by jigsaw who has discovered
who was truly responsible for seth's
death jigsaw scolds hoffman and
blackmails him into working for him
which hoffman reluctantly agrees to
hoffman is then shown through flashbacks
setting up the house trap talking to
jigsaw before the events of saw four and
kidnapping paul
after watching paul fail his trap
through a peephole jigsaw gives hoffman
dr gordon's pen light which he would
later plan at mark's crime scene
logic reveals that there must have been
at least one jigsaw victim unknown to
the viewers tested before paul where the
puppet was used that way hoffman and the
authorities would know of the puppet and
hoffman could use it for seth's trap by
the end of these events hoffman is a
willing apprentice to jigsaw
back in the sewers charles malik luba
and brit make it to the next trap in
this trap the group has to smash jars
filled with glass to find keys to enter
bomb shelters before a bomb goes off in
the sewer there are four bomb shelters
but only three of the keys will fit the
locks jigsaw's puppet tells the group to
decide which of them will be the odd man
out malik begins to smash the jars with
a pole
charles beats malik with a pole down to
the ground with the intent of
sacrificing malik's life so the rest can
escape to safety brit and luba pick up
keys malik attempts to pick up a key but
charles steps on his hand and takes it
just as charles is about to enter his
shelter luba hits him with a pole and
gives the key back to malik the trio
enter the shelter and leave charles to
die by the explosion
luba malik and brit make it to their
next test in this test they have to find
a way for five cords of electricity to
make it into a bath of water to complete
a circuit opening the door to the next
test however the cords are not long
enough to reach the bath water so they
think they need to use a person's body
as an electrical conductor luba tries to
kill malik to use his body but brit
stabs luba in the neck saying she never
trusted her
malik and brit use luba's body for the
electricity to reach the bath and the
door opens to their final test
meanwhile hoffman steals strom's cell
phone from the evidence locker and
plants it at the house where brit and
malik's game is being held in hopes to
frame him meanwhile brit and malik make
it to their final test
in this test they have to stick their
hands in rotating saws and bleed into a
beaker when the beaker fills with the
labeled volume of their blood the door
to the room will unlock and they will be
free to go
before they start the test they realize
that there are five saws and five
openings on the contraption for which to
stick arms into they then realize that
everyone could have made it through
every test alive only one key was needed
to unlock each neck restrained in the
first trap the bomb shelters had room
for two in the second trap and each
person could have sustained a mild
electric shock to complete the circuit
in the third trap in the final test each
could have given just two pints of blood
and easily lived brit and malek realized
the aim of their game was to work
together and to help keep all five alive
unlike survival of the fittest as they
had all fought with no other options the
two remaining survivors begin sawing
their arms in an attempt to fill the
beaker meant for five with ten pints of
their blood just as brit and malik fill
the beaker with blood finishing the
final test fbi agent named eriksen
arrives at the scene both pass out from
blood losses ericsson finds them and
calls for backup
it appears as though brit survived and
malek did not strom follows hoffman to a
new location possibly hoffman's house
it is revealed that the house is the
same one from saw two where the group
game took place the house has since been
refurbished and made livable strom
follows hoffman into the house and finds
the trapdoor leading to the underground
structure of the house
passing the bathroom its door sealed
closed strom finds a new room and enters
it inside the room is a transparent box
filled with broken glass and a recording
featuring hoffman's voice rather than
jigsaws
hoffman urges strom to have trust and to
get into the box
he'll be hurt but has a chance at life
strom shuts off the tape when he hears
hoffman walking in the distance behind
him
strom hides behind the door and shortly
after hoffman walks into the room while
strom approaches hoffman from behind
holding him at gunpoint following an
altercation strong shoves hoffman into
the box sealing him in
hoffman signals for strom to play the
rest of the tape
the rest of the tape plays and explains
the rest of the rules to strong making
him realize he would have lived if he
had gotten into the box stating that if
he wouldn't the room would become his
tomb and he would simply vanish the
walls begin to close in on the room as
the glass box lowers into the floor safe
from the enclosing walls strom attempts
to break into the glass box by shooting
it and trying to pull it open but the
glass material is impenetrable strom
starts shouting at hoffman i know who
you are
soon the walls come close enough for
strong to attempt to climb up to the
ceiling and escape by the roof filter
however it is too late and he becomes
slowly crushed by the walls while
hoffman watches strom getting crushed
from down below with all evidence
planted to frame strom for being the
next jigsaw accomplice hoffman is now
able to continue his work as jigsaw's
surviving apprentice undetected leaving
the jigsaw legacy pinpointed at strom
who is in fact dead make sure to
subscribe and turn on notifications so
you can watch more videos like this
thanks for watching